Update SIG_NAME_graduation_stage.md (#281)
ossf/tac: process/templates/SIG_NAME_graduation_stage.md

## Special Interest Group (SIG) graduation

The governing body must agree that the SIG has completed a major deliverable
  * Link to relevant documentation.

## SIG has met all Incubating requirements

>   * "link to Incubating PR"

Reviewer: Sorry but this is a pain for people to go dig up and we should have the corresponding file in the `process/sig-lifecycle-documents` folder.
Plus doesn't that mean we are forcing every SIG to go through every step then?
We agreed that given that we have already had a lot of TIs in existence for a long time now we will allow TIs to apply for whatever stage they think they qualify for. This means that there may not be an "Incubating PR".

Author: I have no worries grandfathering in existing TIs, but I feel this is a useful aspirational thing we should keep for all future work.  I also agree that we need somewhere to store all of these completed ones.  What would a good path be?  A folder for each TI type?  One giant folder for all TIs?  A folder per lifecycle stage?

Reviewer: We already have these folders in place and the instructions on how to use them:

- https://github.com/ossf/tac/blob/main/process/working-group-lifecycle.md#working-group-creation-or-change-of-lifecycle-stage
- https://github.com/ossf/tac/blob/main/process/project-lifecycle.md#project-creation-or-change-of-lifecycle-stage
- https://github.com/ossf/tac/blob/main/process/sig-lifecycle.md#sig-creation-or-change-of-lifecycle-stage

If this is followed, the questionnaire in which this question is being asked will end up right next to the one that was filed for the move to Incubation, along with every other stage change.

In the case of a SIG we will end up with something like:

process/sig-lifecycle-documents/MyFavoriteSIG-sandbox-stage.md
process/sig-lifecycle-documents/MyFavoriteSIG-incubation-stage.md
process/sig-lifecycle-documents/MyFavoriteSIG-graduation-stage.md
process/sig-lifecycle-documents/MyFavoriteSIG-archived-stage.md

Giving us direct access to the whole history in one location.

Author: Have the adjustments I've made helped clarify this to resolve and move forward?

### Governance
SIG must have documented project governance and be able to demonstrate that governance in action.
  * "link to governance documents"
SIG has met at least 4 times over a period of at least 2 months since becoming incubating
  * "link to meeting agenda"
Have a define roadmap and annual goals for the project
  * "link to roadmap and goals"

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
SIG has completed a major deliverable
	  * "link to completed deliverable"

```

Roadmaps are fine, but if you're applying to be graduated I think you need to have demonstrated a major deliverable (from the SIG Lifecycle doc).

### To retain Graduated status
A TI is expected to continue operating per the above guidelines, and to provide the TAC with quarterly status updates, and to approach the TAC when seeking approval of substantial changes (such as when accepting or promoting new Projects).

> ### TI References
> The TI must provide a list of existing resources with links to the repository, website, a roadmap, contributing guide, demos and walkthroughs, and any other material to showcase the existing breadth, maturity, and direction of the project.
>  Reference              | URL |
> |-----------------------|-----|
> | Repo                  |     |
> | Meeting Agenda        |     |
> | OSSF Calendar Entry   |     |
> | Website               |     |
> | Contributing guide    |     |
> | Security.md           |     |
> | Roadmap               |     |
> | Other                 |     |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### SIG References
The SIG should provide a list of existing resources with links to the repository, and if available, website, a roadmap, demos and walkthroughs, and any other material to showcase the existing breadth, maturity, and direction of the SIG.
 Reference              | URL |
|-----------------------|-----|
| Repo                  |     |
| Meeting Agenda        |     |
| OSSF Calendar Entry   |     |
| Website               |     |
| Security.md           |     |
| Roadmap               |     |
| Other                 |     |
```

To be consistent with the sandbox and incubating SIG templates.

## Special Interest Group (SIG) graduation

The governing body must agree that the SIG has completed a major deliverable
  * Link to relevant documentation.

## SIG has met all Incubating requirements
  * "link to Incubating PR"

### Governance

> SIG must have documented project governance and be able to demonstrate that governance in action.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
SIG must have documented governance and be able to demonstrate that governance in action.
```

  * "link to governance documents"
SIG has met at least 4 times over a period of at least 2 months since becoming incubating
  * "link to meeting agenda"

> Have a define roadmap and annual goals for the project

Reviewer 3: These are currently not requirements in the [SIG lifecycle](https://github.com/ossf/tac/blob/main/process/sig-lifecycle.md#to-become-graduated). Since SIGs are meant to be shorter-lived, my suggestion is to make the meeting cadence a requirement for the incubating stage, if at all, and remove the roadmap requirement.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

>   * "link to roadmap and goals"
> SIG has completed a major deliverable
> 	  * "link to completed deliverable"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
SIG has completed a major deliverable
   * "link to completed deliverable"
```

> ### To retain Graduated status
> A TI is expected to continue operating per the above guidelines, and to provide the TAC with quarterly status updates, and to approach the TAC when seeking approval of substantial changes (such as when accepting or promoting new Projects).

Reviewer 3: These requirements are appropriate for projects/WGs, but I wonder if this makes sense for SIGs. I suggest, we adjust this to more closely match the language from the [SIG lifecycle doc](https://github.com/ossf/tac/blob/main/process/sig-lifecycle.md#once-graduated).
```suggestion
### Once in Graduated Status

The SIG should continue to update the state of the SIG on its README as further work is performed, or make the decision to transition to [Archived](https://github.com/ossf/tac/blob/main/process/sig-lifecycle.md#to-become-archived).
```

### SIG References
The SIG should provide a list of existing resources with links to the repository, and if available, website, a roadmap, demos and walkthroughs, and any other material to showcase the existing breadth, maturity, and direction of the SIG.
 Reference              | URL |
|-----------------------|-----|
| Repo                  |     |
| Meeting Agenda        |     |
| OSSF Calendar Entry   |     |
| Website               |     |
| Security.md           |     |

> | Roadmap               |     |

Reviewer 3: These may not apply to SIGs.

Author: we want all LF repos to have a security.md.  we can never predict how someone might engage us, and the generic file (that I think already has been pushed out everywhere) is just a generic statement that points to the LF to report to.  SIGs may want to have a roadmap to document their future activities (for long-lived SIGs like EDU, for example)

Reviewer 3: Makes sense, let's document this! I can add this explanation to the SIG lifecycle doc while I'm making edits there as part of #296 .
